---
title: "TV Samples"
---

We often get requests for samples from other developers and users. Our
full collection is available to developers that need it (some of the
samples were submitted by people who explicitly told us not to make them
public, which we honor) However we're starting to build a small public
repository for everyone who wants to test.

The following link contains 10 minutes recorded of over 30 US TV
channels. They were made with a HDHomeRun on Dec 14, 2016. The provider
is Comcast. Nothing really interesting in content - 10 minutes per
channel, recording in the West Coast morning, so just daytime TV,
whatever was on.

[US TV recordings, 10 minutes samples, HDHomeRun, Comcast](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0Ta2diT3l0eTlHc2c?resourcekey=0-EV36AGfIWNiS7eqBnpJH2A&usp=sharing)

[US TV recordings from 2017, unknown provider](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0Ta2diT3l0eTlHc2c?resourcekey=0-EV36AGfIWNiS7eqBnpJH2A&usp=sharing)

The following link contains short recordings from some non-subscription
UK channels. Some of them come from a multicast stream and some were
recorded with a HDHomeRun. Whatever was on at the time (8 pm to 10 pm UK
time). Be aware that the UK considers their citizens to be adults that
can just switch channels if they don't like what they see.

[UK TV recordings](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TUUk5LXJPeG1feFE?resourcekey=0-Mepkro3EN1q-z4v_snY8fA&usp=sharing)

The following link contains 15 minute recording from the same UK
channels as above. We have the original .ts files (that would be the
input for any CCExtractor processing) and the same files with the DVB
subtitles burned-in with FFMpeg in .mp4, which is very convenient to
check timing. Also the .srt files with default CCExtractor settings (as
of 0.85 prelease) and with -ignoreptsjumps are included.

[2017-01-09 UK samples (ts/mp4 with burned in subtitles)](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TYk9vMzhHU2QtdVk?resourcekey=0-g3FFcOp7Pf_TwsarsRmQvw&usp=sharing)

The following link contains some recordings from Scandinavian countries.
Teletext.

[Scandinavian recordings](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TNDQxcDlQSXB1dWc?resourcekey=0-9iRLVw1dFY9aqeg3zSLTaw&usp=sharing)

The following link contains some Russian samples. Teletext.

[Russian teletext samples](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0Tc1lTaWVBeHNLTTA?resourcekey=0-Ar5SVgYA_R1J0VqlrCXaEQ&usp=sharing)

And this one, more (unclassified) Russian samples. Some seem to have
DVB.

[Russian unclassified samples](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TVm8wVEpXampjblU?resourcekey=0-GapdWanq4HsHUoQYv17Klw&usp=sharing)

Multiprogram transport streams. multiprogram\_spanish.ts is quite
interesting in that there's a mix of DVB and teletext plus TV and radio
channels.

[Multiprogram transport streams](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TQTZEMm5Tajd5RVU?resourcekey=0-fndFjTiKKxufMgpsLmzF7Q&usp=sharing)

Korean samples. See [this issue in GitHub](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/issues/286)
for details.

[Korean samples](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TZU00VjRYWENfYjg?resourcekey=0-beaiEYIbfDMi-cuMOx5Qng&usp=sharing)

The following link is a TV show with both regular closed captions and
burned-in subtitles (in English, when the characters speak in Russian).
This is the original unedited transport stream, with commercials. For
development purposes only.

[Dual closed captions - burned-in subtitles transport stream ](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B_61ywKPmI0TeU5rOTlCMWxKbW8/view?usp=sharing&resourcekey=0-nZ9e7M3yhB6099__xP8ofw)

[Arabic samples ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TLV9WSTB3TGpDMzA?resourcekey=0-nJFp0MhL4uCp96CdbSNBhQ&usp=sharing)

[Brazilian samples ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TV001NXdpVEhjSFU?resourcekey=0-zN-HhsV2d57fFp6oxvLq_Q&usp=sharing)

[Chinese samples ](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TZkZaRE9PakR1b3c?resourcekey=0-1peT0_MbYEazzApMZ3eHhA&usp=sharing)

[Some transport streams with no PAT or PMT](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1RxXtp8gBiRfOuCysy9A1wTKeYsST-Bgs?usp=sharing)

[European samples,teletext](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B_61ywKPmI0TYnNpYTBHRFdkRGM?resourcekey=0-NG3zPFXgfQ2FyJOxFCz6uA&usp=sharing)

**Misc files**

[ccextractor\_bugs\_allcaps\_29fps\_leftjustify.m2ts](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Qm6F0z8r3K2DliICep9Dw7cfiaklZ_2T/view?usp=sharing)
dvb-sub captions containing multiple lines of text.

[big\_buck\_bunny\_eac3\_4.m2ts](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1G9kIJYNNCtNN_FDf7jIjh55Ic3x9eSeJ/view?usp=sharing)
DVB-sub captions which prior versions of ccextractor failed to extract.

[channel5-2018-02-12.ts](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Etq-pv5G3jGqVhhRl7cNrfuw4gaKkLoV/view?usp=sharing)
A recording from Channel 5 (UK). Forget about the content itself (it's
in the middle of two random programs). The important thing is that we do
a terrible job with the OCR.

[DJI\_0019.MP4](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MyABc8cByEWcW9wQkl_Y_JIUYGC-Kd_5/view?usp=sharing)
A recording (.mp4) from a Drone in which the telemetry data is saved as
subtitles.
