 **\_\_Google Code-In 2017\_\_\*\*

We\'re happy to see you here :-)\\\\ (come here often, we will update
this page until the end of Code-In).

We\'ve been [accepted to Code-In
2017](https://opensource.googleblog.com/2017/10/welcoming-25-mentor-organizations-for.html),
along another 24 amazing organizations. Last year was fantastic by all
possibly metrics and we\'re really excited about being invited again.

Most likely you came here so see what kind of tasks we have. Well, we
cannot show you the actual list as they will be published in Code-in\'s
website when the time comes, and it\'s important that no one has an
unfair advantage, but we can tell you this:

\- We value all categories. We will have tasks for developers (of
course), web designers (our website could use a new theme, couldn\'t
it), graphic designers (for example, a new logo is in order),
documentation writers (tutorials are highly useful), project organizers
(yes, getting everyone on the same page is not always trivial) and more.
To sum it up, if you want to work, we will have tasks for you no matter
what your interests or skills are.\\\\ - If you are looking for sample
code tasks, check the currently [open
issues](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/issues) at
GitHub. Most or all of them will become one or more tasks (depending on
difficulty or amount of work required). This is probably true for most
organizations so we aren\'t disclosing a big secret here.\\\\ - We have
a slack channel in which everyone is welcome. You will find members of
the core team, past Summer of Code students and mentors, past Code-In
students including the winners, etc. Feel free to come talk to us. You
can invite yourself from [our support
page](public/general/support).

A video of our two winners from Code-In 2016 talking at Google\'s
offices in San Francisco about what they did:

{{ youtube\>6Ti1X1peqMA }} \\\\ Do you want to be one of the two
students that visit California next year?

 **\_\_Useful resources\_\_\*\*

(come here often, we will update as new resources are added).

[Playground repository in
GitHub](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor-codein-playground/)\\\\
Use it to submit beginner tasks that use GitHub.

[Playground wiki
page](https://playground.ccextractor.org/)\\\\ Use it to
learn the basics of dokuwiki and to submit documentation tasks.

[Designers
welcome.](https://ccextractor.org/public/codein/google_code-in_2017_code-in_for_designers)\\\\
What to expect if you want to participate in Code-in as a designer.

\_\_\*\* Tags \*\*\_\_\\\\ As you probably know, tasks in Code-in have
tags. We will try to have tags consistently so you that you easily find
new tasks in areas that interest you. This list will be updated often,
as we add new tasks. The following tasks are official as of now, meaning
that tasks related to the following topics will have a correct tag for
you to find them:\\\\

 **DVB\*\*: DVB is the subtitle format used in most of Europe these
        days for digital TV. It\'s bitmap based, which means that
        instead of the subtitles being \"text\" (as in a string of
        characters) they are an image. This has the advantage of being
        more powerful (they are not limited by a character set, for
        example) but the disadvantage that in order to get the text we
        need to use a OCR (optical recognition) library. In general, our
        DVB support is decent, thanks a lot of the work by last year
        winners in code-in and previous Summer of Code students, but
        it\'s still not perfect. There are a few corner cases and some
        weird crashes.

<!-- -->

 **708\*\*: CEA-708 (previously called EIA-708) is the subtitle
        format in digital TV in North America and a few other countries.
        It\'s widely adopted now, even though due to legal regulations
        the old analog format (CEA-608) is still in use. We do support
        708, but implementation is not yet perfect. There are a number
        of tasks about correcting this. All of them are high value and
        classified as hard.

<!-- -->

 **Korean\*\*: If you\'re from Europe or America you\'re probably
        surprised that we want to support Korean. Well, it\'s not really
        about Korean, but rather about all languages, and Korean is one
        of the hard cases for which we have some samples that aren\'t
        working or aren\'t working perfectly. Possibly fixing all the
        issues with Korean means fixing most of the issues with
        everything else, too. So why to give it a try?

<!-- -->

 **Bug\*\*: Quite self explaining. These are non-trivial (not
        necessarily hard, but not immediately obvious or they would have
        been fixed) issues reported in GitHub.

<!-- -->

 **CI\*\*: We have our own custom Continuous Integration (CI) tool
        that helps us ensure that we don\'t break things when we add new
        code. It\'s a nice tool that tests changes against our video
        repository. As everything else, it\'s useful but not perfect,
        and we want to improve it.

<!-- -->

 **Hardtask\*\*: High risk, high reward tasks. They are likely to
        take time and patience, however successfully completing these
        tasks give you a lots of points for the ultimate prize. By the
        way, we may say that a task is hard but we can be mistaken in
        our estimation, so don\'t take our word for it. Check it out,
        and decide for yourself.

<!-- -->

 **Feature\*\*: Tasks with this tag are about implement something
        new, so usually they are also classified as hard.

\_\_\*\* Winning strategies \*\*\_\_\\\\ Definitely reading documents
like this one up to the end is a good start.\\\\ If you\'ve read Code-in
rules you have probably figured out that, unless you are a rock star
with lots of free time, the safest best is to pick one organization and
focus on their tasks. This is because each organization gets to pick
exactly two winners and whatever work you do for one organization
doesn\'t count for any other. So spending your time in two orgs doesn\'t
multiply your chances - it reduces them.\\\\ Blatant advertisement:
Because each org chooses two winners regardless of the organization
popularity, focusing on smaller orgs (like ours) also increases your
chances of becoming a winner.\\\\ Whatever organization your choose,
becoming a winner requires two things: a) Being in the top ten by number
of tasks done for that organization, and b) Being chosen by the
organization as a winner.\\\\ We cannot speak for other organizations,
but we select our winners based on task value, not task count. For
example, doing all the tasks from one of the big \"task groups\" (you
can figure what are those by checking our tags) is very high value.
Fixing a lot of bugs from our github issue tracker is also high value.
Of course, those hard tasks have a gamble component, as it\'s possible
you spend a lot of time of them but are unable to completely solve
them.\\\\ Another thing that gives big points is collaboration with
other developers. This includes other GCI participants. Everyone working
on CCExtractor is part of the team, and we compete among each other for
motivational purposes, to produce better code that benefits the project
in the long run. GCI runs for a few weeks, but we\'re open all year
round. So consider the GCI prizes a perk that comes with being part of
an open source community rather than the final goal.
